It's starting to go up.
It went up again, it went up 321 again.
Xiaoxiao, you are too amazing
The new album debuted with such good data
How many data records have you broken?
Is this also the result of everyone's joint efforts?
Si Xiaoxiao, are you on fire?
You are now officially a first-line musician
first line
I remember Si Xiaoxiao
Is the relationship with his parents not very good?
So you go and break the news to his parents
Let's see how long he can be proud
Hey Mingyue
Oh, good morning.
Your little one is promising now
Became a well-known music producer
I'm afraid there are several million in income this year, right?
Who are you talking about?
Of course it's your four girls
Don't you know yet?
Here, take a look.
Gone, gone, gone
old man old man
Something big, come out